Career.io

ManpowerGroup logo
ManpowerGroup
Data Engineer
79221, Aiken, TX, US
1 day ago

Summary
Our client is seeking a Data Engineer to join their dynamic team. As a Data Engineer, you will be an integral part of the Data & Analytics Department supporting cross-functional teams. The ideal candidate will demonstrate strong problem-solving skills, excellent communication, and a proactive attitude, which will align successfully within the organization. **Job Title:** Data Engineer **Location:** Remote **What's the Job?** + Build, optimize, and maintain conceptual and logical database models. + Develop data set processes for data modeling, mining, and production. + Utilize programming languages and tools to integrate systems and manage data. + Implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc. + Collaborate with data scientists, business stakeholders, and IT team members on project goals. **What's Needed?** + Proficiency in programming languages such as Python, Java, Scala, or Ruby. + Expertise in big data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, and Kafka. + Experience with data integration, processing, and relational SQL and NoSQL databases like PostgreSQL or MongoDB. + Knowledge of data pipeline and workflow management tools. + Familiarity with data visualization tools like Tableau or Power BI. **What's in it for me?** + Opportunity to work on innovative data projects that impact business decisions. + Collaborate with a talented and diverse team of professionals. + Enhance your skills with cutting-edge big data technologies and tools. + Be part of a forward-thinking organization committed to growth and development. + Enjoy a supportive work environment that values your contributions. **Upon completion of waiting period consultants are eligible for:** + Medical and Prescription Drug Plans + Dental Plan + Vision Plan + Health Savings Account + Health Flexible Spending Account + Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account + Supplemental Life Insurance + Short Term and Long Term Disability Insurance + Business Travel Insurance + 401(k), Plus Match + Weekly Pay If this is a role that interests you and you'd like to learn more, click apply now and a recruiter will be in touch with you to discuss this great opportunity. We look forward to speaking with you! **About ManpowerGroup, Parent Company of: Manpower, Experis, Talent Solutions, and Jefferson Wells.** _ManpowerGroup® (NYSE: MAN), the leading global workforce solutions company, helps organizations transform in a fast-changing world of work by sourcing, assessing, developing, and managing the talent that enables them to win. We develop innovative solutions for hundreds of thousands of organizations every year, providing them with skilled talent while finding meaningful, sustainable employment for millions of people across a wide range of industries and skills. Our expert family of brands -_ **_Manpower, Experis, Talent Solutions, and Jefferson Wells_** _-_ creates substantial value for candidates and clients across more than 75 countries and territories and has done so for over 70 years. We are recognized consistently for our diversity - as a best place to work for Women, Inclusion, Equality and Disability and in 2023 ManpowerGroup was named one of the World's Most Ethical Companies for the 14th year - all confirming our position as the brand of choice for in-demand talent. ManpowerGroup is committed to providing equal employment opportunities in a professional, high quality work environment. It is the policy of ManpowerGroup and all of its subsidiaries to recruit, train, promote, transfer, pay and take all employment actions without regard to an employee's race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, religion, age, disability, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law.