Linkedin


Twitch


Data Engineer 

San Francisco, CA · Reposted 1 day ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn



About the job About Us Twitch is the world’s biggest live streaming service, with global communities built around gaming, entertainment, music, sports, cooking, and more. It is where thousands of communities come together for whatever, every day. We’re about community, inside and out. You’ll find coworkers who are eager to team up, collaborate, and smash (or elegantly solve) problems together. We’re on a quest to empower live communities, so if this sounds good to you, see what we’re up to on LinkedIn and X, and discover the projects we’re solving on our Blog. Be sure to explore our Interviewing Guide to learn how to ace our interview process. About The Role As a data engineer in the Data Platform organization, you will be transforming Twitch’s largest data sets into offerings that are usable by the entire company. You’ll be working with other senior team members, as well as other data engineers, scientists, and stakeholders from all across the business. You will help define how our core business metrics are managed, as well as how other parts of the company define their individual metrics. You Will: Work closely with data scientists and engineers from across the company to define and create robust data architectures and pipelines Develop and manage scalable data pipelines to extract, transform, and load data from various sources Partner with a range of stakeholders to translate the company’s needs into data offerings Automate data processing and reporting workflows to improve efficiency and data integrity Implement data quality checks and monitor processes to maintain high data accuracy Simplify and enhance the accessibility, clarity, and usability of large and complex datasets through the development of data cubes and data sharing solutions You Have: 3+ year of experience working in a data engineering, data science, or software engineering capacity Expertise in writing and maintaining robust data pipelines in SQL and Python A track record of turning data requirements from stakeholders into actionable plans Experience with cloud-native solutions A history of implementing and upholding best practices in data pipelines, ensuring accuracy, consistency, and reliability Bonus Points Bachelor's degree, or Master's degree in computer science, statistics, information systems, or a related, technical field Experience with a scripting language (e.g., Python, Java, or R) Familiarity and interest in Twitch! Perks Medical, Dental, Vision & Disability Insurance 401(k) Maternity & Parental Leave Flexible PTO Amazon Employee Discount Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Job ID: TW9042 The base salary range for this position is listed below. Your Amazon package will include sign-on payments and restricted stock units (RSUs). Final compensation will be determined based on factors including experience, qualifications, and location. Amazon also offers comprehensive benefits including health insurance (medical, dental, vision, prescription, Basic Life & AD&D insurance and option for Supplemental life plans, EAP, Mental Health Support, Medical Advice Line, Flexible Spending Accounts, Adoption and Surrogacy Reimbursement coverage), 401(k) matching, paid time off, and parental leave. Learn more about our benefits at https://amazon.jobs/en/benefits. US, CA, San Francisco $152,000—$205,600 USD Twitch is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status. Twitch values your privacy. Please consult our Candidate Privacy Notice, for information about how we collect, use, and disclose personal information of our candidates.