Company_website: https://www.google.com/about/careers
Job_URL: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/anthropic/jobs/4801218008
Company Name: Google
Title: Incentives Technical Analyst, Infrastructure and Development, YouTube
Location: Dallas, New York City, NY

Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in engineering, computer science, a related field, or equivalent practical experience.
3 years of experience solving technical problems and building technical systems.
3 years of experience with data analysis, relational databases, and SQL.
Experience in system architecture and code comprehension/reading in one programming language (e.g., Python, Java, C++).

Preferred qualifications:
Master’s degree in engineering, mathematics, statistics, economics, applied science, or a related field.
5 years of experience driving impact in technical roles.
5 years of experience in operations management (e.g., process improvement, operational reviews, optimizing workflows, etc.).
5 years of experience in the technical analytics space (e.g., data science, data engineering, product analyst, business analyst, business intelligence, etc.).
Experience drawing insights from data sets using SQL to drive both business and technology decisions.
About the job

The YouTube Business Central Strategy and Operations team is responsible for leading global, cross-functional, strategic initiatives to drive the unprecedented growth and health of the YouTube creator and partner ecosystem. Within the broader team goal, the Incentives Strategy and Analytics team is responsible for designing and operationalizing the core product activation system for YouTube's strategic partner managers.

As Incentives Infrastructure and Development Technical Analyst within this team, you will be part of the engine driving the activation of key YouTube products globally. In this role, you will be responsible for operationalizing the central incentives system by implementing reliable systems. You will translate business goals and design principles into scalable code and partner with data infrastructure teams to maintain key systems for YouTube partner managers.

At YouTube, we believe that everyone deserves to have a voice, and that the world is a better place when we listen, share, and build community through our stories. We work together to give everyone the power to share their story, explore what they love, and connect with one another in the process. Working at the intersection of cutting-edge technology and boundless creativity, we move at the speed of culture with a shared goal to show people the world. We explore new ideas, solve real problems, and have fun — and we do it all together.

The US base salary range for this full-time position is $123,000-$176,000 + bonus + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.

Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at Google.

Responsibilities
Lead development (e.g., defining technical requirements, business logic modeling, and execution in code base) of YouTube incentives that drive product activation at scale.
Partner with YouTube product and other technical teams to develop infrastructure needed to build out incentive systems.
Act as a thought leader and make business recommendations on the development process and related architecture components.
Use presentation and communication to convey findings to managers and peers through displays of quantitative information.
Navigate YouTube's data warehouse to access and work with data using SQL and other query languages; lead best practices within the broader analyst community on development life-cycle, usage of AI in workflows, technical infrastructure, modeling, visualizations, code review practices, and data concepts.