BUILTIN


Travelers
Data Engineer II (Tech Lead) - AWS, Ab Initio, Databricks, Snowflake, Teradata

The Role
As a Data Engineer II (Tech Lead), you will design and build complex data solutions, optimize data transformation processes, and collaborate with teams to enhance analytical capabilities across the organization.
Summary Generated by Built In
Who Are We?
Taking care of our customers, our communities and each other. That’s the Travelers Promise. By honoring this commitment, we have maintained our reputation as one of the best property casualty insurers in the industry for over 170 years. Join us to discover a culture that is rooted in innovation and thrives on collaboration. Imagine loving what you do and where you do it.

Job Category
Data Analytics, Data Science, Technology
Compensation Overview
The annual base salary range provided for this position is a nationwide market range and represents a broad range of salaries for this role across the country. The actual salary for this position will be determined by a number of factors, including the scope, complexity and location of the role; the skills, education, training, credentials and experience of the candidate; and other conditions of employment. As part of our comprehensive compensation and benefits program, employees are also eligible for performance-based cash incentive awards.

Salary Range$126,500.00 - $208,700.00
Target Openings
1
What Is the Opportunity?
Travelers Data Engineering team constructs pipelines that contextualize and provide easy access to data by the entire enterprise. As a Data Engineer, you will play a key role in growing and transforming our analytics landscape. In addition to your strong analytical mind, you will bring your inquisitive attitude and ability to translate stories found in data by leveraging a variety of data programming techniques. You will leverage your ability to design, build and deploy data solutions that capture, explore, transform, and utilize data to support Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and business intelligence/insights.What Will You Do?
Build and operationalize complex data solutions, correct problems, apply transformations, and recommending data cleansing/quality solutions.
Design complex data solutions
Perform analysis of complex sources to determine value and use and recommend data to include in analytical processes.
Incorporate core data management competencies including data governance, data security and data quality.
Collaborate within and across teams to support delivery and educate end users on complex data products/analytic environment.
Perform data and system analysis, assessment and resolution for complex defects and incidents and correct as appropriate.
Test data movement, transformation code, and data components.
Perform other duties as assigned.
What Will Our Ideal Candidate Have?
Bachelor’s Degree in STEM related field or equivalent.
Eight years of related experience.
Highly proficient in use of ETL tools (Abinitio, Databricks), techniques, and manipulation including AWS cloud platforms, programming languages (Python, SQL), and a full understanding of modern data engineering practices
The ability to deliver work at a steady, predictable pace to achieve commitments, deliver complete solutions but release them in small batches, and identify and negotiate important tradeoffs.
Demonstrated track record of domain expertise including understanding technical concepts necessary and industry trends, and possess in-depth knowledge of immediate systems worked on and some knowledge of adjacent systems.
Strong problem solver who ensures systems are built with longevity and creates innovate ways to resolve issues.
Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to work collaborate well with team members and business partners.
Ability to lead team members and help create a safe environment for others to learn and grow as engineers. and a proven track record of self-motivation in identifying opportunities and tracking team efforts.
What is a Must Have?
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, related STEM field, or its equivalent in education and/or work experience.
4 additional years of data engineering experience.
What Is in It for You?
Health Insurance: Employees and their eligible family members – including spouses, domestic partners, and children – are eligible for coverage from the first day of employment.
Retirement: Travelers matches your 401(k) contributions dollar-for-dollar up to your first 5% of eligible pay, subject to an annual maximum. If you have student loan debt, you can enroll in the Paying it Forward Savings Program. When you make a payment toward your student loan, Travelers will make an annual contribution into your 401(k) account. You are also eligible for a Pension Plan that is 100% funded by Travelers.
Paid Time Off: Start your career at Travelers with a minimum of 20 days Paid Time Off annually, plus nine paid company Holidays.
Wellness Program: The Travelers wellness program is comprised of tools, discounts and resources that empower you to achieve your wellness goals and caregiving needs. In addition, our mental health program provides access to free professional counseling services, health coaching and other resources to support your daily life needs.
Volunteer Encouragement: We have a deep commitment to the communities we serve and encourage our employees to get involved. Travelers has a Matching Gift and Volunteer Rewards program that enables you to give back to the charity of your choice.
Employment Practices
Travelers is an equal opportunity employer. We value the unique abilities and talents each individual brings to our organization and recognize that we benefit in numerous ways from our differences. 

In accordance with local law, candidates seeking employment in Colorado are not required to disclose dates of attendance at or graduation from educational institutions.

If you are a candidate and have specific questions regarding the physical requirements of this role, please send us an email so we may assist you.

Travelers reserves the right to fill this position at a level above or below the level included in this posting.

To learn more about our comprehensive benefit programs please visit http://careers.travelers.com/life-at-travelers/benefits/.