Company_website: https://www.att.jobs/job/dallas/lead-data-ai-engineering/117/91446111968
Company Name: AT&T
Title: Lead Data/AI Engineering
Location: Dallas, TX

Job Description:

This position requires office presence of a minimum of 5 days per week and is only located in the location(s) posted. No relocation is offered.

At AT&T, we empower leaders to drive change in a fast-evolving, connected world. Your strategic vision will help serve customers and transform lives through innovative solutions and impactful connections.

Architect, develop, and optimize scalable, high-performance solutions using advanced software engineering methodologies and cutting-edge Data & AI technologies, transforming complex data into actionable insights that drive informed decision-making and business growth through collaborative efforts with diverse teams.

What you’ll do
Typical tasks may include, but are not limited to, the following:

Engineering and Analytics: Translate Data & AI use-case requirements into effective data models and pipelines. Ensure data integrity through statistical quality procedures and advanced AI techniques.

Platform Scalability and Optimization: Evaluate and select optimal technologies for cloud and on-premises deployments. Implement strategies for scalability, performance monitoring, and cost optimization.

Design, Development, Testing, and Deployment: Lead the creation of scalable Data & AI applications using software engineering best practices (e.g., automation, version control, CI/CD). Develop and implement rigorous testing strategies to ensure reliability and performance. Oversee deployment processes and address issues related to configuration, environment, and security.

Technologies: Demonstrate expertise with Data & AI technologies (e.g., Spark, Kafka, Databricks, Snowflake), programming languages (e.g., Java, Scala, Python, PySpark, SQL), API development patterns (e.g., HTTP/REST), and cloud platforms (e.g., Azure, AWS).

What you’ll need

Bachelor’s degree (BS/BA) in a related field (e.g., Computer Science, Scientific Computing) preferred

7+ years of related experience

Master’s degree is a plus

What you’ll bring
An experienced professional recognized as an expert, who creatively resolves complex issues using broad and in-depth knowledge.

Leads significant projects with strategic autonomy and influences executive decisions.

Mentors less experienced staff and implements long-term plans that impact the organization.

Frequently collaborates with senior leadership.

Supervisor: 

No

TCP Career Step Differentiator
Manages very complex work related to data engineering and AI, solving major business problems.

Our Lead Data/AI Engineering earns between $158,200 - $237,400. Not to mention all the other amazing rewards that working at AT&T offers. Individual starting salary within this range may depend on geography, experience, expertise, and education/training.  

Joining our team comes with amazing perks and benefits

Medical/Dental/Vision coverage  

401(k) plan  

Tuition reimbursement program  

Paid Time Off and Holidays (based on date of hire, at least 23 days of vacation each year and 9 company-designated holidays)  

Paid Parental Leave  

Paid Caregiver Leave  

Additional sick leave beyond what state and local law require may be available but is unprotected  

Adoption Reimbursement  

Disability Benefits (short term and long term)  

Life and Accidental Death Insurance  

Supplemental benefit programs: 8critical illness/accident hospital indemnity/group legal  

Employee Assistance Programs (EAP)  

Extensive employee wellness programs  

Employee discounts up to 50% off on eligible AT&T mobility plans and accessories,

AT&T internet (and fiber where available) and AT&T phone

If you’re ready to make an impact on our business and your career, bring your bold ideas to a world of possibility. 

Apply today!

Weekly Hours:

40
Time Type:

Regular
Location:

Dallas, Texas
Salary Range:

$158,200.00 - $237,400.00
It is the policy of AT&T to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, AT&T will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. AT&T is a fair chance employer and does not initiate a background check until an offer is made.

Job ID R-99985
Date posted 02/06/2026