BuiltIN

https://cdn.builtin.com/cdn-cgi/image/f=auto,fit=scale-down,w=200,h=200/sites/www.builtin.com/files/2022-02/1633868366646-1.jpg Logo
Wiz
Senior Solutions Engineer, NY/NJ Strategic
Job Posted 2 Days Ago Posted 2 Days Ago


As a Senior Solutions Engineer, support strategic accounts in NY/NJ, collaborate with sales teams, provide technical leadership, and deliver value presentations to clients on cloud security solutions across AWS, Azure, and GCP.
Summary Generated by Built In
Come join the company that is reinventing cloud security and empowering businesses to thrive in the cloud. As the fastest-growing startup ever, Wiz is on a mission to help organizations secure cloud environments that will accelerate their businesses. Trusted by security teams all over the world, we have a proven track record of success and a culture that values world-class talent.  

Our Wizards from over 20 countries work together to protect the infrastructure of our hundreds of customers, including over 50% of the Fortune 100, who trust us to scan and secure over 230 billion files daily. We’re the leading player in a massive and growing market, but it’s still early enough for you to make a significant impact. At Wiz, you’ll have the freedom to think creatively, dream big, and use your full range of skills to contribute to our record growth. Come join our team and help us create secure cloud environments that allow the best companies to move faster. 

SUMMARY

As a Senior Solutions Engineer, you will be responsible for supporting our Strategic accounts in the NY/NJ Region reporting to the regional Manager, Solutions Engineering. You will partner directly with regional account executives to help change our customers view and how they approach cloud security. You will be their trusted advisor for all matters related to cloud security across AWS, Azure, and GCP. We are passionate about technical sales and helping our customers achieve the maximum value from our solution. 

LOCATION

Seeking candidates in the New York/New Jersey metro area. 

WHAT YOU’LL DO

Partner with the sales team to provide technical leadership to our customers and prospective customers in conjunction with helping our team meet their quarterly sales targets.
Provide presentations to our customers and prospective customers such as whiteboards, product demonstrations, slides, and proof of value outcomes.
Help our customers and prospective customers plan in-depth test plans for showing the value of the Wiz platform in their environment (proof of value).
Invest time in learning new product features, industry related developments, and broadening your overall technical skillset.
Represent Wiz in technical forums such as trade shows, technical meetups, and industry events.
WHAT YOU’LL BRING

Ability to deliver world class demonstrations and training experience to our channel customers
Mastered the technical sales process
Thrive in a creative technical role assisting partners to build a technical business delivery model
Experience in a sales engineering role delivering solutions to C-level executives at strategic customers
Ability to travel
Cloud security experience
AWS/Azure/GCP hands on experience
Network engineering experience
Strong operating system, virtual machine, and container knowledge
Knowledge of risk-based security assessments and frameworks
Understanding of cloud identity, access, certificates, and keys
BONUS POINTS: 

Experience with traditional CSPM tools
SaaS experience
Awareness of the CI/CD process
Familiarity with Infrastructure as Code
Benefits 

Wiz offers a competitive package of benefits and programs to support you and your family. Below provides a description of our current benefits for employees in the US. Specific benefits may vary by location. 

Health & Welfare Benefits 

Medical, dental and vision insurance 
Home Office Setup reimbursement 
Flexible Spending Accounts 
Monthly Connectivity reimbursement 
Employee Assistance Program (EAP) 
Financial Benefits 

Short- and Long-term Disability Insurance 
Life & Accident Insurance 
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan (with employer match) 
Time Off 

Flexible paid time off + 11 paid holidays 
Paid leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical and bereavement leave 
Compensation 

Starting compensation will be determined based on various factors, including but not limited to, the candidate's job-related experience, skills and geographic location. Your Talent Partner can share more about the specific salary range during the hiring process. 

This role may also include incentive compensation. 

The annual base salary range for this full-time position is listed below. 

US Base Pay Range
$189,700—$211,400 USD
Applicants must have the legal right to work in the country where the position is based, without the need for visa sponsorship. This role does not offer visa sponsorship.

Wiz is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. 

By submitting your application, you acknowledge that Wiz will process your personal data in accordance with Wiz's Privacy Policy.