Company_website: https://postscript.io/about-us
Company Name: PostScript
Title: Staff Data Engineer
Location: Remote
Description: Trusted by more than 18,000 Shopify and Shopify Plus stores—like Brooklinen, Ruggable, True Classic and Dr. Squatch—Postscript gives ecommerce brands the tools they need to run a world-class SMS marketing program. 

We’re on a mission to make SMS the number-one revenue channel for ecommerce merchants by delivering an easy-to-use platform where they can grow their subscriber list, develop and test their messaging strategy, deliver excellent customer service, and drive sales and loyalty—all in one place. We believe SMS is the most important marketing and sales channel of the decade, and that vision drives everything we do.

Postscript was founded in 2018 as a 100% remote organization. With more than 250 employees (and counting!), we’re backed by Greylock, Y Combinator, and other top investors.

Postscript Description
Postscript is redefining marketing for ecommerce companies. By introducing SMS as an entirely new channel for ecommerce stores to engage, retain, and convert their customer base, brands are seeing huge ROI with Postscript. Backed by Greylock, Y Combinator and other top investors, Postscript is growing fast and looking for remarkable people to help build a world class organization. 

Job Description

We’re seeking a Staff Data Engineer to help lead our Data Engineering practice and take our data architecture into the future. You’ll be supporting our efforts to modernize our data stack and build our lakehouse to enable broad data access to BI, Machine Learning, and Engineering teams at Postscript.  You’ll be creating an Apache Iceberg data lakehouse and prerequisite data pipelines to unlock global data access across Postscript. 

Primary Duties:

Own and evolve our data platform, tooling, and architecture to meet growing analytical and product needs.
Help lead the delivery of a v2 data architecture at Postscript via a data lakehouse
Build stream and batch data ingestion pipelines to process source data
Partner with Engineering, Product, and BI to support net new analytics use cases and migrations
Support existing data engineering systems
Mentor and coach other data engineers and backend software engineers in the data practice
What We’ll Love About You:

8+ years as a Data Engineer working on the modern data stack
2+ years operating as a Staff or Lead engineer 
5+ years of experience writing production grade code
You have familiarity with the JVM and at least one JVM language (Java/Scala/Kotlin)
Passionate about data engineering and have strong software engineering skills
You’ve worked in modern datalakes with open table formats such as Iceberg, Hudi, or Delta Lake
You’ve built and operated stream processing pipelines with Apache Spark and/or Flink
You have strong cloud architecture skills in the AWS ecosystem
You’ve worked with a broad array of database technologies and understand how to select the right technology for the job (Postgres/OLAP/NoSQL/etc.)
You’re seasoned in event-driven distributed systems
You have a track record of success at remote mid/late-stage startups
You’re able to build strong cross-team partnerships and have strong communication + project management skills
Proven upward trajectory or history of promotions and success
Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) startup experience specifically at successful growth companies 
What You’ll Love About Us:

Salary range of USD $200-235k base plus significant equity (we do not have geo based salaries)
High growth startup - plenty of room for you to directly impact the company and grow your career!
Work from home (or wherever)
Fun - We’re passionate and enjoy what we do
Competitive compensation and opportunity for equity
Flexible paid time off
Health, dental, vision insurance
What to expect from our hiring process :

Intro Call: You’ll hop on a quick call with the Recruiter so we can get to know you better — and you can learn a little more about the role and Postscript. 
Take-Home Technical Assignment: We will send over an exercise that challenges you to solve a problem & come up with a creative solution, or outline how you've solved a problem in the past. Get a feel for what you’ll be doing on a daily basis!
Day 1 Interviews
Virtual Onsite Interviews: You’ll be meeting with a couple team members on a series of video calls. This is your chance to ask questions and see who this role interacts with on a daily basis.
Day 2 Interviews
Hiring Manager Intro: You’ll hop on a quick call with the Hiring Manager so your future Manager can get to know you better — This is a great time to learn more about the team & position. 
Final FEACH Interview: This is our interview to assess your ability to represent how you work via our FEACH values. As we build the #1 team in Ecommerce, we look for individuals who embody FEACH professionally and personally. We want to hear about this in your final interview!
Reference Checks: We ask to speak with at least two references who have previously worked with you, at least one should be someone who has previously managed your work.
Offer: We send over an offer and you (hopefully) accept! Welcome to Postscript!
For information about how we use your personal data, please see our U.S. Job Applicant Privacy Notice

You are welcome here. Postscript is an ever-evolving place of equal employment for talented individuals.