https://cdn.builtin.com/cdn-cgi/image/f=auto,fit=scale-down,w=200,h=200/sites/www.builtin.com/files/2022-09/3472470492Dynatrace_Logo_color_negative_vertical.png Logo
Dynatrace
Solutions Engineer (Remote, Southeast US)

The Role
The role involves technical support for the sales team, executing demos, managing POCs, and collaborating across teams to promote Dynatrace's solutions.
Summary Generated by Built In
Your role at Dynatrace
As a Dynatrace Solution Engineer, you will be a key member of the Dynatrace sales engine and will be responsible for providing excellent technical support to the sales team. You will be the expert on Dynatrace and all facets of Advanced Observability. Within this exciting role, you will be responsible for executing great demos which demonstrate the Dynatrace unique approach in solving the customer’s pain, executing and managing POCs onsite and remote, building key relationships with Dynatrace’s customers and completing RFIs & RFPs. You will also work across teams including Dynatrace’s innovation labs, Dynatrace’s Expert Services consultants, CSMs and marketing.

About you:

To ensure your success as a Solution Engineer at Dynatrace, you need to be an ambitious, confident and self-motivated individual, with previous SE experience or another technical customer facing role. You need to be passionate about innovative technology, technical sales and articulating value to customers and prospects. In addition, we are also looking for:

An excellent team player, with the ability to work across all disciplines.
Excellent communication and presentation skills, with the ability to communicate technical value into business value.
Previous 3 – 5 years of experience with observability or application performance management technologies and techniques.
Ability to troubleshoot technical issues to produce a working outcome and be able to manage this process.
Ability to manage a number of projects simultaneously, work with a number of different sales people and support other SEs where needed.
Must have a strong desire to grow professionally, adapt to an ever-changing environment and are coachable.
Must be able to travel up to 30% of the time
Responsibilities:

Evangelize Dynatrace’s product offerings during international trade shows and at key customer account meetings to promote new and expanded business.
Partner with sales representatives to identify new sales opportunities as well as incremental sales opportunities within existing accounts.
As part of the solution engineering team participate in proof of concept (PoC) creation and cloud architecture discussions, leading the technical solution evaluation portion in support of sales opportunities either directly or through channel partners for multiple POCs.
Present Dynatrace’s vision to our customers C-suite executives.
Provide technical guidance in the Discovery, Solution Evaluation, and Solution Proposal stages of the opportunity sales cycle.
Present on-stage demonstrations providing insight and context to our customers during key marketing events. Either at Dynatrace sponsored industry events or partner sponsored events, ensure key demonstrations are delivered by you or a team member at demonstration booths.
Gather, qualify and provide feedback from customers to Product Management to improve Dynatrace’s market share and meet the market needs.
Not only work with internal sales team, but also with partners, supporting their team in the customers and being a technical point of contact for them (trusted advisor/technical coach).
Position might be filled at a higher level based on candidate experience.
What will help you succeed
Minimum Requirements:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent education or experience required.
3 years of experience within the observability space.
Preferred Requirements:

Experience with web technologies such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
Experience with programming / scripting side technologies such as Java, .NET, PHP, Go, Node.js and database.
Advance knowledge of Operating Systems (OS) including Windows and Linux.
Experience with DevOps or Site Reliability Engineering practices Knowledge with cloud platforms, including AWS, Azure or GCP.
Experience with modern technologies like containers, Kubernetes / OpenShift, Serverless functions, and CI/CD pipelines.
Experience with automation like Ansible, Puppet, Terraform, etc.
Why you will love being a Dynatracer
Dynatrace is a leader in unified observability and security.
We provide a culture of excellence with competitive compensation packages designed to recognize and reward performance.
Our employees work with the largest cloud providers, including AWS, Microsoft, and Google Cloud, and other leading partners worldwide to create strategic alliances.
The Dynatrace platform uses cutting-edge technologies, including our own Davis hypermodal AI, to help our customers modernize and automate cloud operations, deliver software faster and more securely, and enable flawless digital experiences.
Over 50% of the Fortune 100 companies are current customers of Dynatrace.
Compensation and Rewards
The base salary range for this role is $128,000- $160,000. When determining your salary, we consider your experience, skills, education, and work location.
Our total compensation package includes unlimited personal time off, an employee stock purchase plan, and a reward system.
We also offer medical/dental benefits, and a company matching 401(k) plan for retirement.
Equal Employment Opportunity
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

We offer competitive compensation, company-sponsored premium benefits, medical, dental, vacation/holidays, company matching 401(k) Plan, etc. Dynatrace is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, physical abilities, age, sexual orientation, creed, disability status, veteran status, pregnancy, genetic status, or any other characteristic protected by law. If your disability makes it difficult for you to use this site, please contact careers@dynatrace.com. Dynatrace participates in E-Verify, participant information in English and Spanish. Right to work information in English and Spanish. EEO is the Law. To be considered for this position, please upload your resume/CV.



Hiring Remotely in Dallas, TX, USA
Remote or Hybrid
128K-160K Annually
Mid level


The Company
HQ: Boston, MA
5,200 Employees
Year Founded: 2005
What We Do

Dynatrace lets customers understand their business like never before, so they can see beyond the complexity, find and fix problems faster and automate manual tasks with Al — so they can focus on what truly matters: running their business.

Why Work With Us

In a world that runs on software, our Al-driven insights cut through the noise, allowing you to focus on what truly matters by automating manual tasks and resolving issues with pinpoint accuracy. Our culture, fueled by curiosity, openness, and authenticity, drives our pursuit of innovation and excellence in crafting the Dynatrace platform.

Gallery